docs(Paprika): UXD-824 Add note about breaking changes in parent package (#932)
acl-services/paprika: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

_details of code change / secondary purposes of this PR_

### Updates 📦

> - [ ] MAJOR (breaking) change to _these packages_ (if the package you are breaking is a dependency in other packages, be sure to add commits with a "BREAKING CHANGE" messages to those packages as well)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] MAJOR (breaking) change to _these packages_ (if the package you are breaking is a dependency in other packages, be sure to add a commit with a "BREAKING CHANGE" message to those other packages as well)
```
